Add additional information for plugin-syntax-dynamic-import (#2197)
babel/website: docs/plugin-syntax-dynamic-import.md

sidebar_label: syntax-dynamic-import
---

> `@babel/plugin-syntax-dynamic-import` is needed to enable parsing for import().

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`@babel/plugin-syntax-dynamic-import` is needed to enable parsing for `import()`.
```

> `@babel/plugin-syntax-dynamic-import` is needed to enable parsing for import().

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`@babel/plugin-syntax-dynamic-import` is needed to enable support for parsing `import()`.
```

Author: 👍

> In Babel 7.8.0 it's enabled by default, so this plugin shouldn't be needed if you are using `@babel/core@>7.8.0`.

Reviewer: Since this change line is needed starting from the v7.8.0 docs, could you create a `website/versioned_docs/version-7.8.0/plugin-syntax-dynamic-import.md` file copying this one? (Change the document id on line 2 in the new file matching `website/versioned_docs/version-7.4.0/plugin-syntax-dynamic-import.md`'s format).

Author: Donezo 👍

> In Babel 7.8.0 it's enabled by default, so this plugin shouldn't be needed if you are using `@babel/core@>7.8.0`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This plugin is enabled by default since Babel 7.8.0, so you shouldn't need to enable this plugin separately.
```

Author: 👍

> If you want to transpile import():

Reviewer 2: It reads a bit weird when this line starts with "if you want..." and two of the following items do too.

Maybe this can be,

> Some usage notes:

?

Author: 👍

1. If you are using `@babel/preset-env`, it's automatically handled
2. If you are using Webpack or Rollup, you shouldn't transpile `import()` with Babel and let the bundler handle it for you
3. Otherwise, you need `@babel/plugin-proposal-dynamic-import`

> 

Reviewer 3: @gunn4r Can you rebase on upstream? We have removed versioned_docs so I think only this section is required.
